Spit in the jar, Hildur.
Anyone seeking answers,
must spit in the jar.
-Okay, I can probably spit some.
-You have to spit properly.
Oi!
You're wondering
whether your husband survives?
-Hi. How's this going?
- Yeah ...
The ridge is the shape?
It's not about how you
have it, but how to take it.
Right? But it looks nice,
this here. How bad can it be?
Feel my heart, Arvid.
Know properly.
-It still feels strong?
-Yes, it feels just fine.
Just as a heart should feel
out if you touch it directly.
Here it was spilled.
I see fire.
Grunts and growls. Kneks and drops.
Does that mean he
going to live or die?
The gods are not clear
to receive him yet.
Now I was relieved. It was
really good news.
I've been so worried. He lies
there with visions on display.
If I die, Odin forbid,
I want you to become chief,
- not he Orm girl.
I? Chief? But Orm
is, after all, a second in line.
Will not be
very bad mood then?
Unfortunately, Orm is complete
unfit. This is my decision.
Tomorrow I tell
village what i have decided.
No.
Drink.
You must drink from the prophecy cup
whether the prophecy will come true.
How many have the saliva
up there before me?
I'm getting sick
if I drink the stuff there.
-That's how it works.
- But ...
Don't hate the player.
Hated the rules of the game.
I agree, but I do
must ask you something.
Is it you who is grieving
for the prophecies to come true?
It is not me who controls the future.
It's the gods. I am the intermediary.
If you have no influence, it is
no joke that I drink this.
-You can't chirp with fate.
-No no.
You have to drink.
Then the prophecy is fulfilled.
-But I got my answer.
- Can't you just drink?
It is not intended
to make your job difficult -
- but to drink saliva
gets totally wrong for me.
Take the coffin.
-The map to the west?
-Yes.
Unfortunately, we can't keep it.
I promised Jarl Varg he would
get the map. This is important, Arvid.
Varg is
an erratic and ferocious type.
If he doesn't get the map,
we can quickly go for a bang.
Orm is here.
-Arvid.
-Orm.
I'm pretty tired now.
Can't even lift arms.
So much so?
So if I do that,
what do you feel then?
-Are you able to push against?
-No, I don't have a kang.
So weak
in arms and upper body, yes.
The neck too? You can
not to nod or bar?
Strange? No.
Hello.
Oh my.
-How are you?
-I do not know.
-We must have had better days.
-Yes.
-What about you?
-I do not know. I just ...
Let's get set
ours a little to Tor and Odin.
-The shaman seemed so positive.
- Did he?
Yes.
The sick thing is that if he doesn't
should survive, Olav said -
- that he wanted me to
should take over as chief.
But I don't know if I am
correct the man for that job.
Yes. You would be
a fantastic chieftain.
You are so strong after all
and fair and warm.
You are really strong after all.
The chieftain is dead!
-He's dead in there!
-Olav is dead!
-The chieftain is dead!
-He's dead in there!
-Olav! Olav!
-Olav is dead.
Olav has left us.
It's awful. I am heartbroken.
-I should have been there.
- It happened very quickly.
The only sure thing is
that he died of natural causes.
He was told he wanted to
to take over as chief?
Yes. His last words were
that it was all a grotesque joke.
That was not my impression.
The one who only takes jokes
for joke and seriousness only serious, -
- have done both poorly.
-And here was the seriousness that was a joke.
- Now I fell a bit off the load.
I don't know if I can
accept it without further ado.
Everyone here knows that I do
is first in the succession order.
And if you have a problem with that,
then we have something called blood eagle.
Seriously? Is it like this
you have to deal with this?
It is exactly that
I have to deal with this.
(Orm hugs)
Odin, today you can cover the main hall
in Valhall with the finest tableware -
- and decorate with field flowers
in all the colors of the rainbow -
- soon Olav is on his way.
Dear brother, if you
had been among us today, -
- would you give me a good hug
and said you regretted that way -
- you've been treating me for years.
Then you would have fields
a tear as you thought -
- the times you shut down
me out of play when we were kids -
- and party and fun in adulthood.
But wipe the tears, Olav.
One thing is certain:
You had surely said -
- that the village is in the best
hands with me as new chieftain.
Push off!
Bye, brother.
Don't you just let me do it?
No, I'm just a little cold
On the hands. The arrows are a little smooth.
This is too stupid.
It is important that you hit the raft,
otherwise he will not come to Valhall.
Come on. Give me that bow.
Let Arvid do it
before the fleet goes too far.
No way.
That's my brother. I'll fix this.
-Come on! This is extremely important.
-No no no.
I'm trying one last arrow
to be completely sure.
It's too late.
Would Tor and Odin that I
had to hit, I had.
Who is it that bows the chieftain?
its now? Now I was really disappointed.
Someone has shot arrow
with properly frozen fingers before?
That's what I thought. The
is actually important. It has a lot to say.
Then you learned something today as well.
No need to hang with the beak.
Next weekend there is tomb beer.
Well met.
-A little late. The funeral was yesterday.
- We're not here for the funeral.
Rumor tells you
have been traveling west.
That is right.
And quite a successful cruise too.
Chief Olav swore on
that he would draw a map.
I haven't heard anything about it.
He probably shared it
the information with me.
There should be a map
among Olav's assets ...
Yes correct. We sent it
out with the funeral raft.
We thought we would send
all his dearest possessions.
-Seriously?
Serious as cancer.
-This is not what the Earl will like.
-No, but that's it.
The map is gone, and it is
nothing but very regrettable.
Yes, very sorry.
-Was that map really valuable?
-Yes, a very valuable map.
Extremely valuable.
Kark?
-You can calm down, right?
-Yes, I row like a Viking.
You're going out on a secret mission. You
will calm down and find Olav's tomb.
Don't come back
before you find the map.
Well, well, well, Rufus of Rome.
I promised to see you again.
We had that contact.
We had such a special ...
-Chemistry.
- No, that's not what I was thinking.
But what you told
about plays and theater -
- gave a proper one
great soundtrack in me.
To achieve such a cultural boost ... It
is the way I want to get here in Norheim.
To set up theater
is very resource intensive -
- in terms of human capital,
creative and talented heads.
And one who has lots of experience
from theater. It is absolutely essential.
After all, I have. I
have lots of experience. And talent.
They say my talent is one of those
which comes once per generation.
I want to see
with your own eyes what you are good for.
I want you to make highlights
of your repertoire at the Guild tonight.
-I can do that.
-So good.
And from under the veil rose
he sang and sang a song -
- about the mother of all creations.
Ten you've sung so vividly
and true to the fate of the Akha,
- about what they did and suffered,
and what they had to die for.
Folks, this is beautiful. It is
Odysseus talking to the bald.
It's art!
-So you guys liked it?
-Yes.
Your first piece
was absolutely amazing.
-Can I steal you a little?
-Yes of course.
-I can meet you outside.
-Yes.
-Have you read these runes?
-No.
But there are plenty
of them at dostanga.
-People sit and read and laugh at them.
-There are rune sticks about me.
These are pretty childish messages.
But now it will end.
Now I am chief, and I am
should put an end to this.
Do you need help?
But apropos theater. I was incredible
impressed with what you did in there.
And I'm going to ask you
whether you want to be a theater man.
One who can
and has overall responsibility ...
-Do you mean creative leader?
-Yes, that's what I meant.
I don't know if you are
aware of who you are engaging with.
I am completely uncompromising
when it comes to art.
Should I put my signature on this,
I need free space.
But what do we do then?
The most obvious
is to make an installation.
Good idea. We do. What is it?
It is a space-creating figure or
sculpture consisting of various objects.
It is not important what it is made
of. The important thing is the symbol value.
-And what does it look like?
-I have an exciting vision.
Excuse me.
What are you doing?
-Isn't that a grave beer?
- Yes, in a way.
It started a while ago.
And punctuality is a virtue.
We were sitting and drinking,
and then we had so much fun.
Vorspiel is often the nicest.
Once you get to the party,
everyone spreads for all wins.
Ten, ten, ten, ten ...
This is a party
to honor your new chieftain,
- not an anecdote party about our-
spiel's excellence versus party.
I thought this was it
a party to honor Olav's memory.
Should we not pour out mead
and mimes and laugh and cry?
If I as a deceased brother
have managed to move on and forget, -
- it is fair and reasonable
that you can do it too.
Besides, it was the perfect one
reason for certain people -
- can promise allegiance
to his new chief.
-What certain people?
- You, Arvid.
Unless you want to stay either
niding and banished from the village.
-Of course not.
- But so good. Gorgeous. Kiss your hand.
Kiss your hand.
-Seriously?
- Kiss it.
Kneel.
Kiss.
Look there, yes. It wasn't that dangerous.
You have a new chief
and a new regime.
Already tomorrow you will
Notice that things are different here.
No! Not!
Orm! What are you doing?
Well, well, well. We haven't
the rune stick maker in person?
I said, "Well, well, well. We haven't
the rune stick maker in person? "
None of you have nailed
rune sticks with message about me?
-It was not me. What does it say?
-It's not important.
Can the culprit confess
once, will we get it over with?
-Well, it's mine.
-Do you think this is innocent fun?
-It's humor.
- Is it humor to be punished as well?
Punishment for writing rune sticks?
Do we not have freedom of speech?
I disagree with what you say,
but I want to fight to the death -
- for your right to say so. But
right here you crossed the line.
Hildur, it is proven that you
is the woman behind rune sticks -
- with the messages:
"Orm is rassr-agr."
That is, Orm is an immense,
gay, perverted person -
- and a despicable human being.
It's just such a total disc boom.
For humor to have relevance, -
- it must have root in reality.
This is where you totally fail.
Okay you don't think it is
funny. It is subjective.
Hildur, you've been harassing Orm. So that
justice shall be done to the fullest, -
- I can do nothing but leave
Orm perform the punishment in his own way.
Seriously? Orm? Therefore ...
Look, what you made me do.
Ouch! Straight in the pussy.
Now you went too far, Orm.
Now you went way over the line.
That is what you will get again for.
Then I wonder -
- unless your journey ends here.
Loke, then!
Yes, it was a bit of a mess. I
has no more skin left in his hands.
-But I got hold of the map.
- What map?
-The map from the funeral fleet.
-Yes, yes. I had almost forgotten that.
I'm not sure
if I need it anymore.
Was it anything else?
No?
Slave away.
Norheim is coming
to become the capital of culture.
That's more than my brother got.
He was chief for ten years.
He prioritized a little differently.
I've been chief for two months and
already has an installation in progress.
About that installation ... Rufus
want it to look like this and that.
Now we have run out of metal,
so we can't make it the way he wants to.
No? After all, it's a crisis.
Where can we
get hold of more metal a little fast?
Was a little solution oriented.
What we used to do is go out
expeditions. But I don't know if it's ...
-Yes, it could go.
-Do you think so?
That we should go on a cruise?
Like in a proper cruise, like?
-Is it decided now?
-Yes. I am the chief, after all.
We are going on a cruise! We're going out
and loot and rape again!